>> Scott Moss: Let's get started then.
So a couple things we
need to do in the repo.
We need to, after you make an account,
we gotta add some environment variables to
our repo so we can actually make a call
to Contentful and do things like that.
>> Scott Moss: If you
create a.env on the root,
you need to just add these four
environment variables here.
>> Scott Moss: So you need Contentful
space ID, Contentful Access Token,
Contentful Preview Access Token,
and Contentful Preview Secret.
>> Scott Moss: These are also in
the GitHub repo on the main branch.
I think there's an env example file on
there if you just want to copy those,
that way you don't have to like look and
follow along right now.
But yeah, they're on the env example,
I guess I just didn't push it
up on this step zero branch.
And don't be still in my stuff,
I'm gonna regenerate these.
So how do we get these values?
We need to go to Contentful, so if you
start writing those just to show you
where they are in GitHub, so
if you're like, I still need those.
Here, go to step on main branch,
there's e in
the example file, oops,
here we go, come here.
There we go,
you can just copy that, all right.
So, to get these values, it's like
really tucked in there on Contentful,
like, they really don't
want you to have it.
But once you're here on your space,
you can click on settings,
you can click on API keys and
you have to make a new API key,
I already have one,
I called it headless next.
And once you make a new API key,
it will give you all
the values that you need here.
So your space ID, your access token,
and your preview access
token are gonna be here.
That fourth one, that preview secret,
I think that's what it's called,
right, preview secret,
yeah, the preview secret.
That's a value that you can come up with,
so you can put whatever you want there.
So the next thing you want to
do is just kinda just dive in,
and this is something that, it's just
like a thought exercise on data modeling.
I think data modeling is probably
the biggest roadblocker for
adopting a Helix CMS.
It's just figuring out
the shape of your data.
This is why it's almost impossible to
do unless you already have a website or
a design for a website.
Okay, so,
imagine having to model a schema for
a database for
an app that you've never heard of.
And you don't know any of
the features of the app,
it would be really hard to do that.
That's what it's like trying to
model content for Helix CMS,
when you have no idea what the website is,
you're just like, okay,
yeah, maybe I know every app has users,
so I had a user table.
Okay, every website has links,
so I add some links, but
then you get to a point you're like,
I don't really know what supposed to do
here until I have a designer a website.
So I really do think that's the biggest
blocker because there has to be so
much work done before you can make
a sophisticated enough content model and
then even then even all the work is done.
You have a website,
you have a design, sitting there and
thinking about what
that's gonna look like.
There's some repercussions to those
decisions that you make because the data
model that you decide to create,
that's how your content folks
are gonna have to edit content.
So if it's very abstract and
heavily nested and relational, and
you're, yeah,
I made the best schema in the world.
It's so good your content team is
struggling to make a blog post because
there's like 30 relations in there.
It's like you [LAUGH] so
you really have to think about that, and
it's gonna be specific to
the CMS that you make.
So you almost have to be an expert of
the CMS that you choose before you
can actually learn how to use the tools.
And they all have different things,
they all have their own different
types of content fields and
feature some of them even let you
visually edit it gets pretty crazy.
So there I think that right there is
the biggest blocker I think a lot of real
estate investors know that which is why
they focus on developer experience, but
it's almost impossible To like,
get it perfect.
You really just gotta just like motivate
the developers to like get through it.
But I would imagine something like
AI is probably gonna help with that,
where you can just use AI
to model the data for you.
You could just send it a screenshot of
your design or here's my Figma design,
design a content model for
this and ideally,
that would be good because it is for
sure the biggest roadblock.
I would say that's probably
where most of the drop-off is.